Blazor RC2 Updates 8.0 (#30576)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/includes/httpcontext.md

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-8.0"

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> must be avoided when interactive rendering for the following reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> must be avoided with interactive rendering for the following reasons:
```

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> must be avoided when interactive rendering for the following reasons:
> 
> * The interface isn't implemented for interactive WebAssembly rendering.
> * For interactive server rendering, the implementation isn't guaranteed to exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> must be avoided with interactive rendering because there isn't a valid `HttpContext` available.
```

> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> can be used for components that are statically rendered on the server. **However, we recommend avoid using it if possible.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor> can be used for components that are statically rendered on the server. **However, we recommend to avoid using it if possible.**
```

<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpContext> can be used as a [cascading parameter](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.CascadingParameterAttribute) only in *statically-rendered root components* for general tasks, such as inspecting and modifying headers or other properties. The value is always `null` for interactive rendering. It's permissable to use it in the `App` component (`Components/App.razor`).

```csharp
[CascadingParameter]
public HttpContext? HttpContext { get; set; }
```

> One caveat for using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpContext> is that it won't compile in the `.Client` project of a Blazor Web App for WebAssembly rendering because the `.Client` project doesn't reference the [HTTP Abstractions package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions). Even if the package reference is added to the `.Client` project, <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpContext> still isn't supported by the Blazor framework on WebAssembly, so there's no point in adding the package just to permit the `.Client` project to compile.

Reviewer: This seems like unnecessary much detail. We already stated above that you shouldn't try to access the `HttpContext` for interactive WebAssembly rendering.

```suggestion
```
